README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# My-Portfolio

>
This project displays the mobile skeleton of my portfolio page. The was built with Html, Css,Vscode,Git and Github. 

![screenshot](./img/mobile-skeleton.png
)


## Built With

- Html
- Css

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://chukwuebukavictor.github.io/My-portfolio/)

## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
    - VS Code
    -Github

### Setup
   - git clone your repo
   - cd into the folder
   - open index.html with live server

### Install
    VS Code

### Usage
    This is a simple project to dipslay my portfolio


## Authors

👤 **Author1**
Chukwuebuka Victor Ozoede

- GitHub: [@chukwuebukaVictor](https://github.com/chukwuebukaVictor)
- Twitter: [@OzoedeVictor](https://twitter.com/OzoedeVictor)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/chukwuebuka-ozoede-46616a219)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/chukwuebukaVictor/My-portfolio/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Add Body of Portfolio Page

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# My-Portfolio

>
This project displays the header and body of my portfolio mobile version page. The was built with Html, Css,Vscode,Git and Github. 

![screenshot](./img/portfolio-body.png
)


## Built With

- Html
- Css

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link]()

## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
    - VS Code
    -Github

### Setup
   - git clone your repo
   - cd into the folder
   - open index.html with live server

### Install
    VS Code

### Usage
    This is a simple project to dipslay the header and footer of my portfolio mobile version page.


## Authors

👤 **Author1**
Chukwuebuka Victor Ozoede

- GitHub: [@chukwuebukaVictor](https://github.com/chukwuebukaVictor)
- Twitter: [@OzoedeVictor](https://twitter.com/OzoedeVictor)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/chukwuebuka-ozoede-46616a219)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/chukwuebukaVictor/My-portfolio/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
